1,This puzzle is a word puzzle. A disgruntled court jester unsatisfied with his recent performance reviews mitigates his anger towards the king by offering a key to the east hall. Before handing the key over the player must answer a riddle so the joker can have a win and therefore maintain career fulfillment. Riddle: The eight of us go forth not back to protect our king from a foe's attack.,You can find me on a chess board...,pawn,26,8
2,This puzzle is a simple math puzzle. The initial entry of the castle doors requires the user to enter the first two prime numbers without spaces. There will be a sign by the door indicating this hint to the user despite being probably the worst security system in existence.,What are the first two prime numbers? The password is: 12 + 11,23,2,1
3,The player is depicted in an encounter with a ghost. The player is informed that the ghost is that of deceased gameshow host Monty Hall whose gameshow included a challenge which coined the name of the Monty Hall Problem. There are two graves with zombies inside and one grave that contains a key. The player will choose a grave and the ghost of Monty Hall will choose one of the two known zombie graves and rest the soul of that zombie. It is now known that one closed grave has a zombie and one closed grave has a key. Before the player digs the grave they are given a final chance to change their mind and switch to the other grave. You are currently at grave 1 and the ghost is at grave 2. Would you like to stay at grave 1 or switch to grave 3. State the grave number,Research the legacy of Monty Hall to increase your chances of success!,3,30,29
4,Like an island I am in the middle of water.,I am a letter of the alphabet,T,26,27
5,I strike when you lie I am death's gentle friend. I trouble you when I am not there but I sooth you when I am. What am I?,I'm kinder than my friend Death though we are very much alike. Death visits you once but I visit you much more often.,Sleep,28,26
6,I build bridges of silver and crowns of gold. What am I?,I'm not an architect... Who else installs bridges for a living? These crowns are not worn on your head but in your head. Chew-se your answer wisely...,Dentist,0,2
7,Who makes it has no need of it. Who buys it has no use for it. Who uses it can neither see nor feel it. What is it?,Everyone eventually has one but never uses it in their lifetime...,Coffin,29,28